Add TypeScript section to troubleshooting guide (#1438)
cap-js/docs: get-started/troubleshooting.md

| _Root Cause_ | The destination, the remote system or the request details are not configured correctly.
| _Solution_ | To further troubleshoot the root cause, you can enable logging with environment variables `SAP_CLOUD_SDK_LOG_LEVEL=silly` and `DEBUG=remote`.

## TypeScript

### Type definitions for `@sap/cds` not found or incomplete

The type definitions for `@sap/cds` are maintained in a separate package `@cap-js/cds-types` and have to be explicitly installed as a dev dependency. This can be done by adding the `typescript` facet:

::: code-group
```sh [facet]
cds add typescript
```
```sh [manually]
npm i -D @cap-js/cds-types
```
:::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Fix missing symlink

```

Author: is the imperative mood correct here/ a guideline? Maybe this is just personal taste, but "Fixing missing symlink" feels more natural.

Author: nvm, was already resolved, my bad.

> Installing `@cap-js/cds-types` leverages vscode's automatic type resolution mechanism by symlinking the package in `node_modules/@types/sap__cds` in a postinstall script. If you find that this symlink is missing, try `npm rebuild` to trigger the postinstall script again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing `@cap-js/cds-types` leverages VS Code's automatic type resolution mechanism by symlinking the package in `node_modules/@types/sap__cds` in a postinstall script. If you find that this symlink is missing, try `npm rebuild` to trigger the postinstall script again.
```
